Update upgrade-service-applications-to-sharepoint-server-2016.md (#975)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/upgrade-and-update/upgrade-service-applications-to-sharepoint-server-2016.md

> Word Automation Services and Machine Translation Services can't be upgraded. A new service instance will need to be created. 
  
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The following steps outlining starting service instances only applies to the Custom server role type. For more information on server role types, see [Planning for a MinRole server deployment in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/planning-for-a-minrole-server-deployment-in-sharepoint-server.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following steps outlining starting service instances only apply to the Custom server role type. For more information on server role types, see [Planning for a MinRole server deployment in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/planning-for-a-minrole-server-deployment-in-sharepoint-server.md). 
```

> > The following steps outlining starting service instances only applies to the Custom server role type. For more information on server role types, see [Planning for a MinRole server deployment in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/planning-for-a-minrole-server-deployment-in-sharepoint-server.md). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The following procedure for starting service instances only applies to the Custom server role type. For more information on server role types, see [Planning for a MinRole server deployment in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/planning-for-a-minrole-server-deployment-in-sharepoint-server.md). 
```
